Rename `bevy_reflect`'s `documentation` feature to `reflect_documentation` (#21577)
bevyengine/bevy: release-content/migration-guides/rename-reflect-documentation-feature.md

---
title: Renamed `bevy_reflect` feature `documentation` to `reflect_documentation`
pull_requests: [21577]
---

> The `documentation` feature in `bevy_reflect` has been renamed to `reflect_documentation` to follow Bevy's feature naming convention where features are prefixed with their module name.

Reviewer: This is not a convention we are following, it is a clarification for this specific feature
```suggestion
The `documentation` feature in `bevy_reflect` has been renamed to `reflect_documentation` to clarify that it allows reflecting documentation of rust code at runtime.
```

Author: Ok
